README.md, before:

# C++ Modular Menu System - Unreal Engine 4

Contains project files for Unreal Engine 4 C++ Modular Menu System

	I am building a modular UI system that will be able to be added to future projects painlessly.

![alt text](project img)

Project Features

  	- Menu Widget Base C++ Class
	- Main Menu Widget Blueprint
	- Main Menu C++ Class
	- In Game Widget Blueprint
	- In Game C++ Class
	- Menu Interface To Connect the Game Instance
	- Main Menu Level
	- Full Puzzle Platforms Game

**Looking for a step by step guide?** Check out 
Sam Pattuzzi's **[Unreal Multiplayer Mastery - Online Game Development In C++](https://www.udemy.com/unrealmultiplayer/)!** The course is designed to teach you everything you need to know about networks from the basics of latency in networks to the advanced topics of state synchronisation.

Get the Udemy Course now and learn the muliplayer mastery with Unreal Engine 4: [LINK](https://www.udemy.com/unrealmultiplayer/)

**Created with Unreal Engine 4.17**

![alt text](https://udemy-images.udemy.com/course/480x270/1319066_eee6_2.jpg)

Skills Acquired

	- Build multiplayer games.
  	- Share games with a large audience.
 	- Build UI with UMG and C++.
**( Haven't Learned Yet )**

	- Connect games via the Steam APIs.
	- Understand the challenges of computer networks.
	- Understand how Unreal replicates state.

Commit message:

Adding subjects to my ReadMe

README.md, after:

# C++ Modular Menu System - Unreal Engine 4

Contains project files for Unreal Engine 4 C++ Modular Menu System

	I am building a modular UI system that will be able to be added to future projects painlessly.

![alt text](project img)

Project Features

  	- Menu Widget Base C++ Class
	- Main Menu Widget Blueprint
	- Main Menu C++ Class
	- In Game Widget Blueprint
	- In Game C++ Class
	- Menu Interface To Connect the Game Instance
	- Custom Fonts and Images
	- Main Menu Level
	- Full Puzzle Platforms Game
	
Subjects Covered

	- Creating Widget Blueprints
	- Accesing UI Classes in C++
	- Loading/Displaying UMG with C++
	- Changing UI Input Modes
	- Widget Initializers and UButton Callbacks
	- Using Interfaces to Invert Dependencies
	- Creating Sub-Menus with Widget Switchers
	- Reading Text Fields in C++
	- Client and Server Travel with C++

**Looking for a step by step guide?** Check out 
Sam Pattuzzi's **[Unreal Multiplayer Mastery - Online Game Development In C++](https://www.udemy.com/unrealmultiplayer/)!** The course is designed to teach you everything you need to know about networks from the basics of latency in networks to the advanced topics of state synchronisation.

Get the Udemy Course now and learn the muliplayer mastery with Unreal Engine 4: [LINK](https://www.udemy.com/unrealmultiplayer/)

**Created with Unreal Engine 4.17**

![alt text](https://udemy-images.udemy.com/course/480x270/1319066_eee6_2.jpg)

Skills Acquired

	- Build multiplayer games.
  	- Share games with a large audience.
 	- Build UI with UMG and C++.
**( Haven't Learned Yet )**

	- Connect games via the Steam APIs.
	- Understand the challenges of computer networks.
	- Understand how Unreal replicates state.
